Qilai North Peak 1.2K
That's Qilai Main Peak over there
Taroko Mountain, Mount Patoru
Keep going!!
They're over there
Going up there is very energy-intensive!!
Bring out my secret weapon
Hooray!! We're up!!
Qilai North Peak!!
Hehuan Mountain
Sacred Ridge!!
Mount Patoru, Mount Taroko
Qilai Main Peak
Golden Wing White Eyebrow
Now leaving Qilai North Peak for the Big Tooth
Keep going!! Good!!
After passing Qilai North Peak
Continuing east for 1.7km
This is the Crescent Pool campsite.
This route is the Qilai East Ridge route.
However, our trip is to reach the front tooth in the direction of Pingfeng Mountain to the north.
So we will turn north at the fork in the road on the Qilai North Peak Grassland.
follow the ridge line to the front tooth.
Looks like we're going down this way.
We just went down this way.
Now we have to... walk over!!
Actually, this part is a bit like...
Mount Shinada
The route down Mount Shinada along the Seiryo Ridge.
Somewhat like it
There are stacked stones on the road
You should turn here
From beside the big rock
Then come all the way like this
go down here...
Stacked stones
That's the gap between my front teeth.
It's so high up here!
We just cut down from there.
Goodbye front teeth!!
Now we need to climb back!!
Go Go!!
Climb up!!
Wow~ Awesome!!
Now we need to descend North Peak to our campsite.
Our camp is over there.
On the way down North Peak.
We encountered a rescue helicopter circling low.
I wonder if they are on a search mission.
Hope everything goes well.
Something might have happened.
What's the big deal?
He's still looking, still searching.
After returning to camp.
He fetched water from the stream below the Qilai Mountain Hut.
The water here is clear and icy cold.
Water source spotted!!
Flowing water!!
Go down from the Qilai Mountain Hut to fetch water.
Climb down to the valley.
About fifteen minutes.
It took about fifteen minutes to get back.
Hmm...
Great!! I'm a water tycoon!
I can have a big meal tonight!
This is a behind-the-scenes clip from the video.
Today's chef...Ade!!
Chef Annie!!
Chef Annie's sausage!!
Ni: I'm not the chef!! I'm not the chef!!
Sakura: Hurry up!! Chef!!
Ni: I'm a self-taught chef. (Are these chopsticks?)
Okay...are you going to give it to me?
Sakura: Are you going to take a picture of me!? (Oh!! Okay~)
Okay!! (Cute~)
Sakura: Chef, over here!!
Ni: Eat first, eat first, eat it all!!
Sakura: Do you want one!? I'll give you one.
Still have some (It's okay)
Lamb hot pot!
Ni: Turns out there were no duck meatballs with the lamb!!
De: There's still lamb.
Ni: Almost all gone!! XD
De: @##%$^@!
Ni: You weren't here just now~ Otherwise, the pot would have just been opened.
De: Meat... bring the meat up.
Lamb hot pot noodles... lamb noodles!!
I just went to the toilet.
Then we found the water deer!!
Mythical beasts!!
(◎_◎;) Ooh ooh!!
One? Two? Three?
Four, five, six, seven?
Eight!!
The tent's reflection?
The wind is really strong tonight!! I went to the internet cafe to see Windy.
11 degrees Celsius
Level 5 gusts!?
So this is what a level 5 gust is~
It really is strong!!
A deer blocking the way!?
Deer: Give it to me!! (chewing)
Bye-bye!!
Can I take a picture!?
Take a picture!! Take a picture~
Deer: Wait!! I came out and struck a pose.
Is that Ade!? (Yes)
Hehehe...How long have you been standing here!?
It's 5:51 AM now.
Time to collect the bill and get ready to leave.
00:16:50,142 --> 00:1651,126
Say something!
Sakura: I really want to go home~
Okay!! We're going home!! (Thank you)
Complete!! (I've finally finished!!)
Yeah!! Awesome!! (Two Hundred Peaks)
Kirai-chu!! Kirai-hoku!!
Pingfeng Mountain!!
This time, Qilai is mainly in the north...
To the front teeth!!
We're done~
Well... that's all for today~
Bye-bye!!